[DOCS] adding link blocks, index to md (#1624)
open-edge-platform/edge-ai-libraries: microservices/dlstreamer-pipeline-server/docs/user-guide/index.md

Video analytics involves the conversion of video streams into valuable insights through the
application of video processing, inference, and analytics operations. It finds applications
in various business sectors including healthcare, retail, entertainment, and industrial domains.
The algorithms utilized in video analytics are responsible for performing tasks such as object
detection, classification, identification, counting, and tracking on the input video stream.

## How it Works

![DL Streamer Pipeline Server architecture](./images/dls-pipelineserver-simplified-arch.png)

Here is the high level description of functionality of DL Streamer Pipeline Server module:

- **RESTful Interface**

  Exposes RESTful endpoints to discover, start, stop and customize pipelines in JSON format.

- **DL Streamer Pipeline Server Core**

  Manages and processes the REST requests interfacing with the core DL Streamer Pipeline Server
  components and Pipeline Server Library.

- **DL Streamer Pipeline Server Configuration handler**

  Reads the contents of config file and accordingly constructs/starts pipelines. Dynamic
  configuration change is supported via REST API.

- **GST UDF Loader**

>   DL Streamer Pipeline Server provides a [GStreamer plugin](https://gstreamer.freedesktop.org/documentation/plugins_doc.html?gi-language=c) - `udfloader` using which users can configure and load arbitrary UDFs. With

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  DL Streamer Pipeline Server provides a [GStreamer plugin](https://gstreamer.freedesktop.org/documentation/plugins_doc.html?gi-language=c) - `udfloader`, which can be used to configure and load arbitrary UDFs. With
```
